Descriptive Adjectives
Male (Female)
1. Aggressive (Content)
2. Mean (Nice)
3. Dirty (Clean)
4. Strong (Weak)
5. Careless (Careful)
6. Brave (Scared)
7. Stupid (Smart)
8. Serious (Playful)
9. Arrogant (Modest)
10.  Angry (Calm)
11.  Hungry (Satisfied) 
12.  Hairy (Clear)
13.  Confident (Shy) 
14.  Exaggerate (Underplay)
15.  Cold (Emotional)
16.  Leader (Follower)
17.  Rule-breakers/Rebels (Rules/Enforcers)
18.  Breeders (Carriers)
19.  Thoughtless (Thoughtful)
20.  Dynamic (Static/Still)
21.  Irresponsible (Responsible) 
22.  Rational (Intuitive) 
23.  Eaters (Cooks)
24.  Constant (Moody)
25.  Flustered (Multitaskers) 
26.  Boring (Creative)
27.  Geeks (Bimbos/Nerds)
28.  Sweaty (Like Flowers)
29.  Straight-Forward (Meandering)
30.  Blind (Wise)
31.  Loud (Quiet)
32.  Swear (Choke)
33.  Hateful (Loving)
34.  Simple (Complex) 
35.  Impatient (Patient)

Challenges
Situations
Workplace
* When given a task, women are more willing to complete it. Men would just moan and groan. 
* Men are more likely to stand up to their boss.
* Your boss yells at you. 
1. You talk back (M)
2. Keep quiet, looks down, and continues with work (F)
* On one side of the desk is the boss. The other, two workers (M and F). The boss says: “I need one of you to be pitching and the other to run and get me a coffee.” 
1. Man will start pitching.
2. Woman will run to get coffee.
* A coffee spills. 
1. When a woman bends to clean it up, the office stares at her butt and wolf whistles.
2. When a man bends to clean it up, the office complains about his plumber’s crack. 
* You overhear a co-worker complaining about work standards and is disrupting work flow.
1. Tell the co-worker to shut the fuck up and get out (M)
2. Keep to yourself and drown the co-worker out (F)
* You received a phone call from your grandparents. One of them is very ill and needs help. Your boss wants you to stay and work on a new prototype.
1. Stay and work (M)
2. Run home and help (F)
Playground
* A huge mud puddle formed after a heavy rain storm.
1. Charge ahead and make mud angels (M)
2. Turn back and go home (F)
* You are playing tag with a few close friends. You suddenly trip and fell on your arm.
1. Walk it off and pretend it didn’t happen (M)
2. Cry like a whiney bitch (F)
* There is a new playground attraction that spins around. The goal is to climb aboard and not fall off.
1. Play on it despite the possible injuries (M)
2. Play it safe and find a new attraction (F)
* The playground you frequent just added new swing sets. You wanted to get the first turn, but another kid blocks your way.
1. Grab the kid and take the swing yourself (M)
2. Wait for hours until the kid gets off (day turns to night) (F)
* A group of kids are playing hard-tackle football. One kid got injured and you are asked to be a replacement player.
1. Accept the offer so you can unleash that inner Hulk (M)
2. Refuse the offer and opt to watch instead (F)
Kitchen
* You just moved in to a new apartment. The kitchen is well-stocked and ready to go. You just finished the last of the paperwork and now you feel hungry.
1. Grab a snack and call it a meal (M)
2. Cook a culinary paradise for yourself (F)
* Your meal is missing some onions. As you peel and cut them, you injured yourself. 
1. Ignore the pain and treat the wound (M)
2. Use your own blood drops to season your meal (F)
* Your favorite TV show will start soon. You only have a few minutes to get ready for the premiere.
1. Plop yourself on the couch and crack open a beer (M)
2. Make a quick meal and miss the beginning (F)
* The kitchen sink has only a few dishes. You have a date tonight.
1. Leave them and go have a good time (M)
2. Clean up and be fashionably late. Your date can wait (F)

* You are frying a chicken for your guests. You suddenly have the urge to use the restroom and go. When you came back, a fire has erupted from the stove. 
1. Attempt to put out the fire yourself (M)
2. Scream, run to a window, and yell for help/dials 911 and starts making marshmallows, “perfect opportunity to make dessert while on my fireman” (F)
* Your kitchen is running low on food and supplies. Your job gave you a bonus a few days ago for outstanding good work. You now have enough money to stock a five-star kitchen.
1. Spend everything on more food than supplies (M)
2. Buys only what you need to survive and save the rest (F)
Bar/Nightclub
* The party tonight is pumping with great music. Someone offered you a drink and a place 
More coming soon.

